---
description: Paper presented at the 16th European-African Regional Conference of the ISTVS
---

# 6027 / Digital precision planning tool for autonomous forest regeneration of mixed tree species

\[\[doi tk]]

Title: Digital precision planning tool for autonomous forest regeneration of mixed tree species

Authors: Erik Arvidsson, Magnus Karlberg, Karin Hjelm, and Håkan Lideskog

Abstract: Current Swedish silvicultural practices conduct site preparation on more area than needed. By analysing site conditions, a prediction of the best planting spots can be made in advance. This enables smarter decisions to be made, and therefore reduces the impacted area of the soil and lowers the energy consumption. Reforestation planning is being made on a site basis today, where a human planner analyses the field manually. The planner then decides which species to plant on the site and at what density. Similarly, during autonomous forest regeneration, a digital planning tool is needed to prepare the autonomous planting operation, but with higher precision. By establishing mixed-species stands and precise decision-making, better productivity and increased biodiversity can be expected, with an inhibited risk of spreading pathogens, thus reducing the risk for forest owners to lose forest value. Autonomous forest vehicle development, precise site preparation, and new planting equipment allow planting at selected sites for each single seedling. Such precision requires a plan for seedling positioning that fulfils necessary constraints, including species density, obstacle avoidance, etc. Hence, the objective is to develop an off-board seedling positioning method for subsequent autonomous, mechanized planting of mixed tree species: silver birch, Scots pine and Norway spruce. By use of GIS data, a digital precision planning tool that considers every individual seedling, has been developed. The data sets used are mainly the digital site index maps by SLU, which covers a large area of Sweden. The data sets are combined to form a growth probability grid map. The factors of each species are then calculated with a loss function until the constraints are met with a certain error.

Order the full paper: [https://www.istvs.org/proceedings-orders/paper](https://www.istvs.org/proceedings-orders/paper)

ISTVS members: receive three papers per year as part of your membership via the ISTVS Member Portal: [https://istvs.knack.com/member-portal/](https://istvs.knack.com/member-portal/)

