---
description: Abstract-only submissions to the 11th ISTVS Asia-Pacific Regional Conference
---

# Abstract-only submissions

### 0146 / Evaluation and estimation of traction performance for 78 kW agricultural tractor by tillage implements using field measurement system

Yi-Seo Min, Yeon-Soo Kim, and Wan-Soo Kim

Abstract: Tractors use different types of plows depending on tillage operation characteristics, and the plow implements is utilized at different working depth conditions. The shape of the plow significantly affect the tractor’s traction performance. This study aims to estimate the tractor’s traction performance according to the three different type of plow implements. The experiment used a 78kW tractor and three tillage implements (moldboard plow, chisel plow, and subsoiler). The tractor was equipped with a measurement system that included a four-wheel torque meter, a six-component load cell, a global positioning system (GPS) and a data acquisition system (DAQ) to measure the tractor’s traction performance. The widths of the moldboard plow, chisel plow, and subsoiler were 2.8, 2.8, and 2.095 m, respectively. During the operation, the gear stages for the moldboard plow and chisel plow were M3 Low (7.09 km/h), while for the subsoiler, it was L3 Low (2.38 km/h). The results showed that the coefficient of determination (R2) of the dynamic traction ratio according to the slip ratio was high in the order of chisel plow (R2:0.79), moldboard plow (R2:0.71), and subsoiler (R2:0.48), and the R2 of traction efficiency according to slip ratio was high in order of subsoiler (R2:0.99), moldboard plow (R2:0.96), and chisel plow (R2:0.91). These results suggest that estimating the tractor's traction performance using the slip ratio is highly accurate. However, the study's limitation is that it did not consider various working conditions such as gear stages and ground conditions. Therefore, future experiments are planned to address these limitations and improve the accuracy of the traction performance estimation.

### 1166 / Selection of energy saving engine mode based on the power delivery and fuel consumption of a 95-kW tractor during agricultural operations

Md Abu Ayub Siddique, Seung-Min Baek, Mo-A Son, Ye-In Song, and Yong-Joo Kim

Abstract: The objective of this article is to estimate the power delivery efficiency and fuel consumption based on engine modes. In this study, 95-kW powershift tractor was used to analyze the power delivery and estimate the fuel consumption during agricultural operations. The asphalt driving, plow and rotary tillage were conducted for the field the experiment at the engine modes of conventional, APS (Auto power shift) power, and APS ECO. To analyze the field condition, soil hardness, and soil water content were measured as well as soil sample was collected from the experimental site to analyze the soil texture using the USDA soil texture triangle. It is observed that the engine required powers at various engines have a significant different of the asphalt driving, plow, and rotary tillage. However, the axle powers at all engine modes for each operation showed almost similar due to the similar forward speed of the tractor. In case of fuel consumption, it was found that the fuel consumption at each engine mode has a significant different. It was also observed the APS ECO mode was the most economic compared to the conventional and APS power for the asphalt driving, plow and rotary tillage. Therefore, we recommend by this study to the users to perform the tractor at APS ECO engine mode for asphalt driving, plow, and rotary tillage considering fuel economic and high working load.

### 1615 / Development of soil physical characteristics automation measurement system for agricultural field digitalization

Si Eon Lee and Wan Soo Kim

Abstract: The physical characteristics of soil have a significant impact on the growth of crops and the performance of agricultural machinery operating in soil conditions, but study on sensor development is insufficient. Existing methods collect data individually using a single sensor to measure soil physical properties. This requires a high labor a lot of time, and it is difficult to secure consistency in measurement, so a new measurement system is needed. The aim of this study is to develop an automated measurement system for soil physical properties. The software was developed based on LabVIEW, and the developed soil automation measurement system is a tractor-attached type. The developed soil physical property measurement equipment consists of a load cell and distance sensor to measure soil strength by depth, a moisture sensor to measure soil moisture content, temperature and electrical conductivity, and a slope sensor to measure soil shear force. The cone index, an indicator of soil strength, is the average force per unit area required to push a cone-shaped probe into the soil. ASAE standard was applied as the design standard for this. The tractor 3-point hitch is controlled by the user's operation, the lifting/lowering part of each sensing unit driven by the motor and reducer installed in the soil automation measuring unit is controlled, and the physical properties of the soil are measured. Experiments were measured in the Korean paddy soil field (30 m x 100 m), which was mapped using GIS software. Verification showed that the developed system showed a range similar to the result value manually. So that the developed system is expected to can measure soil physical characteristics in a very short time compared to manual work and be useful for digitizing agricultural fields.

### 1779 / The development of a dynamic vegetation override pushbar for autonomous ground vehicles

John Salmon

Abstract: A system was developed to measure and record the forces that off-road ground vehicles require to override vegetation and other environmental elements. Load cell sensors were integrated into a device known as a pushbar, which was mounted to the front of a ground vehicle at a set height above the ground. The pushbar system can record how much dynamic resistance vegetation exerts on a ground vehicle while overriding different types and densities of vegetation. In short, the pushbar system records the force required for a vehicle to override different types of vegetation. The ability to detect, classify, and override/avoid vegetation is a critical challenge in off-road autonomous navigation. The data from the pushbar system is intended to be incorporated into an autonomous off-road navigation system to provide better understanding of the off-road environment, as well as improve risk assessment in off-road autonomous navigation. This paper seeks to explain the development and early implementation of the pushbar system, and how it aids off-road autonomous vehicle research.

### 2297 / Traction effects on vertical and horizontal contact stresses and the risk of soil structure deformation

Loraine ten Damme, Lars J. Munkholm, Per Schjønning, Thomas Keller, Alvaro Calleja Huerta, and Mathieu Lamandé

Abstract: Arable soil is often exposed to high mechanical stresses during field operations, which bears a great risk of soil structure deformation. The stress state under the wheels determines whether a risk of soil compression and/or soil distortion prevails. However, soil compaction risk assessments typically consider the risk of compression from the applied load but neglect tractive forces and the risk of distortion. We investigated traction effects on both the vertical and horizontal (longitudinal) stress distributions near the tyre-soil interface as a next step in advancing more accurate predictions of soil structure deformation. Vertical and horizontal stress measurements were made during wheeling in a field experiment with stress transducers installed at 0.1 m depth. We studied the stress distributions of a tractor’s rear wheel (6.7 Mg, 650/60 R38, 80 kPa) that was towed (i.e., no traction) or pulling (i.e., with traction, about 42 kN drawbar pull) and compared these with estimated soil strengths. We show how traction influenced tyre-soil interaction and the risk of soil structure deformation. Among others, with traction the tyre-soil contact area was larger and the magnitude of vertical stress lower. This reduced the risk of soil compression noticeably. Soil shear strength was reduced due to reduced constraining normal load. The latter, in combination with higher horizontal stresses, increased the risk of soil distortion considerably. Our results highlight the importance of considering traction in soil compaction risk assessments. However, reliable assessments require incorporation of the risk of soil distortion in addition to the risk of soil compression.

### 3282 / Evaluation of engine load factor for a 90 kW agricultural combine harvester

Young Woo Do and Wan Soo Kim

Abstract: Recently, interest in exhaust gas emission due to environmental problems is increasing. In particular, NOx generated from agricultural machinery accounts for 26% of the total in Korea, so the importance of managing exhaust gas from agricultural machinery is increasing. In order to manage the exhaust emission, it is important to evaluate the exhaust gas of agricultural machinery operated on actual field. A load factor (LF) is required to calculate emissions. Thus, in order to accurately calculate emissions, it is necessary to subdivide the LF of each condition in the actual field by measuring the LF value generated in the actual field condition. The purpose of this study is to evaluate the load factor by considering the engine power generated during harvesting working (4, 5 and 6 km/h) of the combine. To measure the LF value, a 90kW combine harvester, which is the most used in Korea, was used. The load factor was calculated by dividing the engine power by the rated power after calculating the engine torque and rotational speed information collected in real time during the harvesting operation. To calculate the integrated load factor, weights of 30%, 35%, and 35% were applied to 4, 5 and 6 km/h, respectively, through a survey of farmers. As a result, the LF values of the combine harvester at operating speeds of 4, 5 and 6 km/h were observed to be 0.530, 0.640, and 0.871. The integrated LF was observed to be 0.69. This value shows a difference from the currently applied value of 0.48, indicating that the integrated LF may vary depending on the operating conditions. In future research, we plan to collect various load data on soil and work conditions through combines, and continue research on building a reliable database.

### 3859 / Analysis for dynamic characteristics of a tractor cabin during agricultural operations

Jong-Dae Park, Hyeon-Ho Jeon, Su-Young Yoon, Min-Jong Park, and Yong-Joo Kim

Abstract: This study was conducted to develop a dynamic characteristic control system for improving the cabin environment during agricultural operations. The specification of platform used in the study was a 67 kWclass tractor with a weight of 4,000 kg and dimensions of 4,020 × 2,270 × 2,790 mm (lenth × width × height), respectively. For measuring data of dynamic characteristic of the cabin, plow tillage and rotary tillage, which account for the largest proportion of the tractor operations, were selected for major operations. To measure data of dynamic characteristic of the cabin, which continuously changes during operations, an Ellipse Series INS with a built-in IMU was attached to the center of gravity of the cabin. During field test, the gear stages of plow tillage were B2 (5.1 km/h) and B3 (7.6 km/h), and the gear stages of rotary tillage were A3 (2.67 km/h) and A4 (3.66 km/h), which are the most commonly used. To analyze dynamic characteristic such as roll and pitch during operations according to the gear stages, the data showed by box plot. Roll and pitch average angles were -0.7° and 0.4°, respectively, for the plow tillage. Roll and pitch average angles were -0.8° and -0.1°, respectively, for the rotary tillage. As operations rate increased, the roll and pitch angles became larger, varying within a maximum range of 2°. As a result, it was determined that the rotary tillage showed a larger change compared to the plow tillage in the case of roll. Both operations showed a similar change in the case of pitch. Also, roll and pitch showed a larger change as the travel speed of each operation increased. In the future, we plan to conduct additional research on the hydraulic control system related to the cabin to provide a more comfortable workspace for operators.

### 3893 / Analysis of load factor and performance evaluation for developing an electric driven tractor

Min-Jong Park, Su-Young Yoon, Ji-Won Choi, Jong-Dae Park, and Yong-Joo Kim

Abstract: This study aims to develop a 44 kW electric driven tractor consisting of an E-driving system. Because electric tractor is in the design process, we installed a measurement system on a conventional agricultural tractor. Torquemeters were installed between wheels and axles to measure wheel torque, proximity sensors were installed to measure wheel rotation speed and GPS (Global Positioning System) was installed to measure driving speed of the tractor. Antenna, amplifier, and DAQ (Data Acquisition) were installed to transfer and store the measured data. Workload data were measured during plow tillage, rotary tillage, loader operations, asphalt and field driving. Measured data were converted for validation of designing a 44 kW electric driven tractor using an engine load factor. The average engine load factor was 0.51 for rotary tillage, 0.46 for plow tillage, 0.38 for asphalt driving, 0.17 for field driving and 0.09 for load operation. For gear stage L, plow tillage and loader operations were conducted within the maximum torque and rotary tillage, field and asphalt driving were performed within the rated torque. For gear stage M, the plow tillage and loader operations were conducted outside of the maximum torque, which were impossible to perform. For gear stage H, all operations except the asphalt driving were conducted outside of the maximum torque, which were impossible to perform. Thus, high-load operations such as plow tillage and loader operations can be conducted in gear stage L, and high-speed operations such as asphalt driving can be conducted with motor rated speed in gear stage H. Consequently, it is judged that an E-driving system consisting of a motor and range shift can perform the major operations of a 44 kW tractor depending on gear stages.

### 3913 / Factors causing decreased productivity in unmanned construction

Genki Yamauchi, Takeshi Hashimoto, Mitsuru Yamada, and Shin'Ichi Yuta

Abstract: In Japan, remote-operated construction machinery is often used in landslide disasters caused by earthquakes and heavy rain. Remote-operated construction machinery, which is used for such unmanned construction work, ensures worker safety by eliminating the need for physical presence at the site, thus reducing the risk of secondary disasters. However, low productivity has been a persistent issue with unmanned construction, prompting various device and system development endeavors in past research to tackle the problem. Nevertheless, no studies have quantitatively analyzed factors that diminish construction productivity. In this research, we explored construction productivity factors that previous studies had suggested and categorized them into three main groups: visual information, operation interface, and bodily sensation. Subsequently, the impact of each categorized factor on construction productivity was evaluated based on the time required to complete specific tasks, using a model task proposed by PWRI for both normal and remote operation. Results indicated that differences in visual information and operation interface significantly impacted the construction productivity of remotely operated construction machinery in the model task.

### 4336 / High-fidelity 3D-DEM simulation for wheel mobility in low fravity environment

Takuya Omura and Genya Ishigami

Abstract: The effect of gravity on wheeled rover mobility on loose soil remains a challenging issue. Among several experimental techniques, such as parabolic flight or reduced-weight tests simulating low gravity, the discrete element method (DEM) is one of the most promising methods for analyzing the wheel-soil interaction in various gravity environments. However, the mechanical parameters used in the DEM are often identified ambiguously or empirically, resulting in low-fidelity simulation results. In this study, we comprehensively calibrate the mechanical parameters of a lunar regolith simulant applicable to the 3D-DEM to simulate the effect of gravity on wheel mobility. The DEM parameters were determined from the experimental results of two tests: the direct shear test and the minimum density test. We then tested a rigid wheel on the lunar simulant using the DEM with calibrated parameters in the following conditions: (1) Earth gravity (1 G) with the wheel mass of M, (2) moon gravity (1/6 G) with the wheel mass of M, and (3) Earth gravity (1 G) with the reduced-mass of 1/6M. The simulation results show that the wheel sinkage and the slip ratio on the moon are almost equivalent to those on Earth. On the other hand, in the reduced-weight test, the wheel sinkage and the slip ratio were smaller than the moon's results. This result implies that the reduced-weight test might overestimate the wheel performance.

### 4508 / Semi-empirical terramechanics model for variable terrain height

Eric Karpman, Jozsef Kovecses, and Marek Teichmann

Abstract: Dynamic simulations of various types of off-road vehicles, from planetary rovers to agricultural equipment, have long relied on well-established semi-empirical terramechanics models. While these models do have drawbacks and reliability issues that have been addressed by numerous works in the decades since the models were first introduced, semi-empirical approaches remain one of the few ways to simulate realistic wheel-soil interaction in real-time. One of the drawbacks of these methods is that they are constrained by the assumption that the terrain is a flat plane. The models work by integrating normal and shear stresses along the wheel-terrain contact patch. The normal stress at each point along the contact patch is determined based on an equation that computes soil pressure based on semi-empirical parameters, the dimensions of the wheel and the sinkage of the wheel at that point. The sinkage at any given point along the contact patch is generally determined based on the distance between the point and the flat plane that defines the terrain. This means that the sinkage of each point along the contact patch is computed based on one constant initial terrain height. In this work, we propose a modified version of the semi-empirical model in which the terrain is defined as a height-field rather than a flat plane. Thus, more complex terrain shapes can be used in simulation. Of particular interests are terrains with varying slopes, steps, and terrain shapes that would result in gaps in the wheel-soil contact patch rather than a continuous patch.

### 4727 / Analysis of gear durability for agricultural tractor transmission

Seungmin Baek, Seungyun Baek, Hyeonho Jeon, and Yongjoo Kim

Abstract: The purpose of this study was to analyze gear durability of tractor transmission using simulation analysis. A field test was performed using a 86 kW class tractor and the type of gear failure was analyzed. A simulation model of the tractor transmission was developed and analyzed for the safety factor and lifespan by changing the material of the damaged gear. The field test was conducted for plow and rotary tillage and was completed after about 107 hours due to operational problems. After field test, it was found that range shift A and B gears were damaged. In order to advance durability of the transmission, four materials of alloy steel for machine structural use such as SCr420, SNCM220, SCM822, and SNC815 were selected, and the safety factor and service life of the damaged range shift gears were analyzed according to gear materials. As a result of simulation analysis, SCM822 material satisfied the target life and was selected as a material for change. Therefore, it is considered that the durability of the transmission has been secured by satisfying the target life.

### 4895 / Theoretical analysis and fem simulation of the interfacial forces between tracked vehicle and snow soil

Yan Qingdong, Zhu Ming, Wei Wei, Liu Cheng, Liu Jianfen, and Meng Qingkai

Abstract: Based on the pressure-sinkage characteristics and the shear force-shear displacement characteristics of snow under loading, unloading and reloading, theoretical models of vertical displacement distribution and vertical pressure distribution for snow and interfacial forces between track and snow under different driving conditions were built. A multi-body dynamics model of track and plastic material models of snow were built to simulate the interfacial forces of the track on snow. The results of plastic deformation and vertical pressure distribution of snow were extracted from the simulation results to verify the theoretical models. A muti-body dynamics model of articulated tracked vehicles was built, and the driving performance of it on snow was evaluated. An experimental study on articulated tracked vehicle driving in snow is carried out. By comparing the experimental results and the simulation results of the plastic deformation characteristics of snow under tracked vehicle loading, the correctness of the coupling simulation model and the theoretical model is verified.

### 4976 / Performance evaluation of autonomous driving lateral control simulation model of agricultural tractor

Moa Son, Hyeonho Jeon, Seungyun Baek, Yein Song, and Yongjoo Kim

Abstract: Interest in automation of agricultural machinery is increasing. Recently, performance evaluation studies using simulation models are being conducted to reduce time and cost. Therefore, in this study, the performance evaluation of the autonomous control model of an agricultural tractor was performed. The simulation model was developed using the specifications of a 78 kW tractor and the software RecurDyn. The input data was set as traction data from the six-component load cells, the rotational speed of each axle, and the position of the 3-point hitch. Validation of the simulation model was conducted by comparing the error between the measured data and simulation results. The performance evaluation of the steering control model was performed on the road model (friction coefficient conversion). The steering control model was configured to perform steering control by receiving the lateral error in real time from the dynamics model. A trial-and-error method was used to select coefficients for the autonomous control model. The RMS of the measured data was 3.29 and 3.44 for the anterior left and right sides, respectively, and 6.98 and 7.41 for the posterior left and right sides, respectively. The RMS of the simulation results were 3.24 and 3.53 for the anterior left and right side, respectively, and 8.26 and 8.55 for the posterior left and right side, respectively. The errors were 1% and 2% for the anterior left and right side, respectively, and 15% and 13% for the posterior left and right side, respectively. The error occurred within the range of about 10%, and it was judged appropriate to conduct research on performance evaluation using this model. The RMS according to the friction coefficient conversion was 3.7 and 4.5, respectively, showing a difference of about 1.

### 5356 / Development and validation of head-feeding combine harvester multibody dynamics simulation model

Cheol-Woo Yang, Hyeon-Ho Jeon, Min-Jong Park, Ji-Won Choi, and Yong-Joo Kim

Head-feeding combine harvester are expensive and time-consuming to produce prototype, performance evaluation using simulation should be performed in the design stage. Recently, research has been conducted to solve these problems by replacing the driving test of agricultural machinery with simulation. In this study, a head-feeding combine harvester dynamics simulation model was developed and verified. The simulation model was developed using commercial software (Recurdyn, V9R4, Korea). The model development was performed using the specifications of a 6-row head-feeding combine harvester (CF690G, TYM, Korea). The speed condition of the simulation was set to 1.5 m/s. The simulation result set as the torque of the sprocket. For the development and validation of the simulation model, a measurement system was developed and installed on the head-feeding combine harvester. The driving test was conducted at the paddy field located in Dangjin, Chungnam (36°55'49.1"N, 126°37'57.3"E). The simulation was verified by comparing the measured data with the simulation results. The simulation results showed an average sprocket torque of approximately 1241.17 Nm. The measurement resulted in an average sprocket torque of approximately 1143.49 Nm. The error between the measured and simulated values is around 7%, and the measured and simulated values are similar. In the future research, the study to measure the load data during agricultural work and improve the simulation model using the load data will be conducted.

### 6059 / Comparison of multi-tracked running gears for light UGVs in terms of terrain obstacles overcoming abilities

Daniela Szpaczyńska, Marian Łopatka, and Piotr Krogul

Abstract: Rubber tracked running gears are widely used in high-mobility unmanned ground vehicle to increase the ability to overcome terrain obstacles that are often found in off-road terrain. The paper investigates the process of overcoming an obstacle by light unmanned ground vehicle using multibody dynamics simulations. The two-dimentional model of running gear was assumed and created in the ADAMS program environment. As well as the kinematics of the running system components, the flexibility of the elastomer belt and also the reactions of the tractive force in the track-ground contact surface were taken into account. On the basis of the simulations, the functionality of multi-track systems was compared with classic tracked systems. Properties that could be improved through the use of multi-tracked running gears in light land platforms were determined.

