---
description: Paper presented at the 16th European-African Regional Conference of the ISTVS
---

# 8254 / Characterization of the new US army cold weather all-terrain vehicle (CATV) on winter...

\[\[doi tk]]

Title: Characterization of the new US army cold weather all-terrain vehicle (CATV) on winter surfaces

Authors: Clifford Witte, Orian Welling, and Michael Parker

Abstract: The US Army Corps of Engineers - Cold Regions Research & Engineering Laboratory (CRREL) recently acquired two quad articulated-track Oshkosh Cold Weather All-Terrain Vehicle (CATV) prototypes to begin characterization of their performance on winter surfaces for force projection, modeling, and simulation. The CATV program is a recently completed competition initiated by the US Army to select a replacement for the aging Bandvagn 206 (Bv206), designated in the US Army fleet as the Small Unity Support Vehicle (SUSV) and in service for over forty years. Researchers at CRREL have extensive experience testing US Army SUSVs and NATO Bv206 variants in cold regions and have documented the vehicles as one of the most capable in severe weather conditions ranging from flooding, deep mud or thawing ‘rasputitsa’, or deep snow. At the US Army Mountain Warfare School, the SUSV is still the vehicle of choice for search and rescue in extreme weather. The Oshkosh CATV is a variant of the ST Kinetics Bronco currently in service by Singapore and Thailand militaries and previously deployed by the United Kingdom in Afghanistan. While the US Army ultimately selected the BAE Systems Beowulf as the winner of the CATV program, the tractive performance has been identified by CRREL as comparable between CATV candidate vehicles with similar articulated quad track design and dimensions, ground pressure, and power delivery. By utilizing the prototype CATVs, researchers at CRREL will gain a head start characterizing the CATV in winter conditions before entering service in 2024. This paper will detail the experimental setup, analysis and results for testing conducted in 2023 in Dalton, New Hampshire as well as how the results will be used to begin updating current mobility prediction models.

Order the full paper: [https://www.istvs.org/proceedings-orders/paper](https://www.istvs.org/proceedings-orders/paper)

ISTVS members: receive three papers per year as part of your membership via the ISTVS Member Portal: [https://istvs.knack.com/member-portal/](https://istvs.knack.com/member-portal/)

